feat(pie-modal): Add leadingAction prop (#632)
justeattakeaway/pie: packages/components/pie-modal/README.md

|---|---|---|---|
| headingLevel | `String` | `h2` |  |

| Property | Type | Default | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> |---|---|---|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Reviewer: is this necessary?

Author: Fixed.

| size | `String` | `medium` | Determines the maximum width of the modal. Large modals will expand to fill the entire page width at narrow viewports. Can be `small`, `medium` or `large`.                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| position | `String` | `center` | The position of the modal; this controls where it will appear on the page. Can be `top` or `center`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| returnFocusAfterCloseSelector | `String` | `undefined` | If provided, focus will be sent to the first element that matches this selector when the modal is closed. If not provided, the `dialog` element will return focus to the element that opened the modal.                                                                                                                                                            |

> | leadingAction | `Object` | `undefined` | An object representing the leading action of the modal. It has the following properties:<br>- text (required): The text to display on the leading action button.<br>- variant: The variant of the leading action button. Please see [pie-button](https://github.com/justeattakeaway/pie/blob/main/packages/components/pie-button/README.md#props) for options. Defaults to primary if not provided.<br>- ariaLabel: The ARIA label for the leading action button. |

Reviewer 2: Is it possible here to add an example?

```
leadingAction = {
  text: "Example Text",
  variant: "secondary",
  ariaLabel: "Example Aria Label"
}
```

Author: Fixed.

| isLoading | `Boolean` | `false` | When true, displays a loading spinner in the modal |
| size | `String` | `medium` | Determines the maximum width of the modal. Large modals will expand to fill the entire page width at narrow viewports. Can be `small`, `medium` or `large`. |
| returnFocusAfterCloseSelector | `String` | `undefined` | If provided, focus will be sent to the first element that matches this selector when the modal is closed. If not provided, the `dialog` element will return focus to the element that opened the modal. |

> | leadingAction | `Object` | `undefined` | An object representing the leading action of the modal. It has the following properties:<br>- text (required): The text to display on the leading action button.<br>- variant: The variant of the leading action button. It can be one of primary, secondary, ghost, or ghost-secondary. Defaults to primary if not provided.<br>- ariaLabel: The ARIA label for the leading action button. |

Reviewer: Its worth bearing in mind we will need to manually keep this up to date with the button variant type in this readme. I won't if a separate prop table would be useful for object properties like this. Otherwise it's quite easy to miss. Eventually I think we'd want to automate this

Reviewer 3: I think it would be better to just link to the prop table for pie-button here:

I've added a suggestion below

| size | `String` | `medium` | Determines the maximum width of the modal. Large modals will expand to fill the entire page width at narrow viewports. Can be `small`, `medium` or `large`. |
| position | `String` | `center` | The position of the modal; this controls where it will appear on the page. Can be `top` or `center`. |
| returnFocusAfterCloseSelector | `String` | `undefined` | If provided, focus will be sent to the first element that matches this selector when the modal is closed. If not provided, the `dialog` element will return focus to the element that opened the modal. |

> | leadingAction | `Object` | `undefined` | An object representing the leading action of the modal. It has the following properties:<br>- text (required): The text to display on the leading action button.<br>- variant: The variant of the leading action button. It can be one of primary, secondary, ghost, or ghost-secondary. Defaults to primary if not provided.<br>- ariaLabel: The ARIA label for the leading action button. |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| leadingAction | `Object` | `undefined` | An object representing the leading action of the modal. It has the following properties:<br>- text (required): The text to display on the leading action button.<br>- variant: The variant of the leading action button. For a list of variants, see the [pie-button documentation](https://github.com/justeattakeaway/pie/tree/main/packages/components/pie-button#props). Defaults to primary if not provided.<br>- ariaLabel: The ARIA label for the leading action button. |
```
